to avoid these potential problems under
priority machining cutting operations
can be given one of three levels on
priority prior machining ordinary
machining and subsequent machining the
control will order and execute priority
machining operations based on these
three levels prior machining first then
ordinary machining and then subsequent
machining there can be several priority
machining operations in one part program
and they can be programmed to any of
these three levels of priority machining
the color of the priority numbers in the
program indicates the level of the
priority machining operations tools to
be used in Prior machining operations
are indicated by yellow numbers those
tool operations are performed first when
the program is executed notice that
there is a sequential order to these
prior machining processes as well number
one is assigned to this face mill in
this program so all prior machining with
the face mill will be performed before
any prior machining occurs with a center
drill which has the number two prior
machining number after all prior
machining operations have been read and
executed the control then returns to the
head of the part program and begins
reading for all machining operations at
the second level of priority machining
ordinary machining tools assigned with
ordinary machining have no priority
numbers entered they are performed in
order of appearance after all of the
prior machining operations are completed
priority numbers for tools assigned to
subsequent machining appear in a colored
box subsequent machining operations are
executed in numerical order only after
all machining operations have been
completed at the other two levels
examples of subsequent machining include
reaming tapping or as you see in this
example chamfering